in this tutorial will be download in and install in all of the exercise files that will
need to complete.
The various practical tutorials during the course will also be installing a global template
or added inside,
which will save all the macros that we do during the tutorials place.
In all,
our code in this global container will make it easy for us to access.
Run and test our code from any word document.
To download the exercise files,
switch across to the download section at the top here.
This is a ZIP file,
which contains all of the documents that will need for the course sensibly.
Click the download it,
and if your browser lets you,
then choose the location,
so I'm going to choose the guest op.
So here's the file that's been downloaded and it's a zip file.
Civil needs one.
Zip it.
Remember that you don't need any special software to unzip a file on Windows.
You can simply choose right click open with Windows.
Explorer just made this across,
and you can then use copy and paste.
Or you can simply drag the folder out of this window into another location.
Mr.
Striking out holes in the desktop.
And,
of course,
this doesn't move it from the Zip file.
It simply copies it to the given location.
That's dumb,
Andi,
if you want to,
you could then delete the ZIP file.
It's no longer required.
Here are our extracted files.
Now let's look at setting up the ad in which will be using throughout the course to store
all the macros we create inside the train In Folder,
you'll find two files with the file extension D O T M and these other word templates,
their global templates or Adan's.
And what we'll do is we'll save all of our code in the because these files a templates when
you want to edit them,
you can't simply double click if I double click on a template.
Work gives me an untitled document based on that template rather than open in the template
itself.
If I want to open the template itself,
I have to right click and she was open.
Or of course,
I could use file open and admit that way.
But the key thing is,
is you could see this is not an untitled version.
This is the document itself,
so we'll be referring to this document throughout the course and saving most of the
microbes that we create in this one document in order to test the Mac Rose Weaken set this
up is a global template.
You have to be inside word to be able to do this,
but the template itself doesn't have to be open.
So just to prove that I'm going to close it than to set it up is a global template.
I go to file options,
then in the word options dialog on the left,
click on the add ins category.
Next,
choose manage,
word added and click Go.
We want to have our fire listed in this section,
Global Templates and Adan's.
So we click on the add button.
Word takes us to the templates folder.
We simply ignore this location and let's go across to the desktop.
Open up the Exercises folder,
and we can now install out templates.
The first file,
the one that will be using currently has no Mac rose in it.
It simply has containers waiting for us to create the macros if you want to,
you can also add in this 2nd 1 which has the completed version of all the macros,
so you could add both of them and then activate whichever one you want to work with by
clicking on these checked boxes.
So for the moment,
let's leave them both activated and click OK,
and let's quick word.
Now when we go back into a word,
I just want to show you that those templates won't be activated.
If you click on options,
add IDs.
Word Adan's you'll see they're listed,
but they've become deactivated,
and this is the normal behavior inward.
And this is probably the most convenient solution,
because after all these macro czar the training,
they're not macron's that you're actually using in your own work.
If,
however,
you would like to have this ad in permanently activated,
word does enable you to do this.
Any template,
which is saved in the startup folder,
will automatically be activated by any launch word.
Let's just cancel to find the location of the startup folder,
simply go to file options and then click on the advanced category.
Scroll down and right at the bottom.
You'll find file locations,
and at the bottom again,
we have the startup location,
so we click on modify this takes us to the default because I haven't changed it,
and I could man just click at the top here and copy this address.
Let's close and cancel And then back in Windows Explorer,
I could paste this in press enter and that takes me to the startup folder.
No,
I can move back and forth between these two locations,
and if I want to,
I could now copy these files into the start up location.
Macro saved in an activated added,
are available to all documents opened inward.
The macro enabled,
adding called GCS word VB.
A train in dot d o T.
M will be used as the container for the Mac Rose.
We will create in these tutorials to activate an ad in use the command file or office
button word options.
Adan's Manage Word,
Adan's Global Templates and Adan's